#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
-e git+https://github.com/juyrjola/django-modelcluster.git#egg=django-modelcluster
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
-e git+https://github.com/juyrjola/django-orghierarchy.git#egg=django-orghierarchy
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/kausaltech/wagtail-orderable.git#egg=wagtail-orderable
    # via -r requirements.in
aniso8601==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene
anyascii==0.1.7
    # via wagtail
asgiref==3.3.1
    # via django
attrs==20.3.0
    # via pytest
authlib==0.15.3
    # via drf-oidc-auth
beautifulsoup4==4.8.2
    # via wagtail
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.4
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   milksnake
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
coverage==5.3.1
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   authlib
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   social-auth-core
dal-admin-filters==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via django-import-export
django==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-numeric-filter
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-modeltrans
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-redis
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   graphene-django
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-grapple
    #   wagtailfontawesome
django-admin-numeric-filter==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-admin-ordering==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-anymail[mailgun,sendgrid]==8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via django-image-cropping
django-autocomplete-light==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dal-admin-filters
django-ckeditor==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
django-helusers==0.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-image-cropping==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via
    #   django-admin-ordering
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   django-mptt
django-modeltrans==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.11.0
    # via django-orghierarchy
django-npm==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==4.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-reversion==3.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==1.3.0
    # via wagtail
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via wagtail
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-orghierarchy
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   wagtail
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via wagtail
drf-oidc-auth==1.0.0
    # via django-helusers
easy-thumbnails==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.14.1
    # via python-jose
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via openpyxl
factory-boy==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   wagtail-factories
faker==6.1.1
    # via factory-boy
graphene==2.1.8
    # via graphene-django
graphene-django==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-grapple
graphene-django-optimizer==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-relay
    #   wagtail-grapple
graphql-relay==2.0.1
    # via graphene
html5lib==1.1
    # via wagtail
humanize==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via pytest-factoryboy
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via openpyxl
jinja2==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreschema
l18n==2020.6.1
    # via wagtail
libvoikko==4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
milksnake==0.1.5
    # via rustface
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
openpyxl==3.0.6
    # via tablib
packaging==20.8
    # via pytest
pillow==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   wagtail
plotly==4.14.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.0.1
    # via social-auth-core
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pytest==6.2.1
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-factoryboy
pytest-cov==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-factoryboy==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via faker
python-jose==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-helusers
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2020.5
    # via
    #   django
    #   l18n
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
redis==3.5.3
    # via django-redis
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-orghierarchy
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-generic-chooser
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via social-auth-core
retrying==1.3.3
    # via plotly
rsa==4.7
    # via python-jose
rustface==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rx==1.6.1
    # via graphql-core
sentry-sdk==0.19.5
    # via -r requirements.in
singledispatch==3.4.0.3
    # via graphene-django
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   ecdsa
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
    #   html5lib
    #   l18n
    #   plotly
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-jose
    #   retrying
    #   singledispatch
    #   social-auth-app-django
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.0.3
    # via social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
swapper==1.1.2.post1
    # via django-orghierarchy
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   django-import-export
    #   wagtail
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
tinycss2==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
unidecode==1.1.2
    # via
    #   graphene-django
    #   wagtail
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
urllib3==1.26.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wagtail==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-autocomplete
    #   wagtail-factories
    #   wagtail-grapple
    #   wagtail-headless-preview
    #   wagtail-orderable
    #   wagtail-react-streamfield
    #   wagtailfontawesome
wagtail-admin-list-controls==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-autocomplete==0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-condensedinlinepanel==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-factories==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-generic-chooser==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-grapple==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-headless-preview==0.1.4
    # via wagtail-grapple
wagtail-react-streamfield==1.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailfontawesome==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
willow==1.4
    # via wagtail
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlsxwriter==1.3.7
    # via wagtail
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
